Release notes 2.14.0 (#11019)
PrefectHQ/prefect: RELEASE-NOTES.md

# Prefect Release Notes

## Release 2.14.0

> ### Introducting the `prefect-client`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Introducing the `prefect-client`
```

> This release includes a new way of running flows using the `prefect-client` package. This slimmed down version of `prefect` has a small surface area of functionality and is intended for interacting with Prefect-server and Prefect-cloud **only**. You can install `prefect-client` by using `pip`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release provides a new way of running flows using the `prefect-client` package. This slimmed down version of `prefect` has a small surface area of functionality and is intended for interacting with Prefect-server and Prefect-cloud **only**. You can install `prefect-client` by using `pip`:
```

> 

Reviewer: We should just say "the Prefect server" like in our docs. I'd defer to @discdiver on how we speak to that

Reviewer: I don't know that we need mention Prefect Cloud here

Author: Is this because we don't want to make a distinction between the two and we generally default to saying "Prefect server"?

Reviewer: it's because this is the open source release I think. But also yeah, "the Prefect server" is a catch-all

```console
pip install prefect-client
```

To use it, you will need to configure your environment to interact with a remote Prefect API by setting the `PREFECT_API_URL` and `PREFECT_API_KEY` environment variables. Using it in your code remains the same:

```python
from prefect import flow, task

@flow(log_prints=True)
def hello_world():
    print("Hello from prefect-client!")

hello_world()
```

See implementation details in the following pull request:
-  https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10988

### Enhancements

> - We have added the flow name in the label for subflow runs to make it easier to associate the two — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11009

Reviewer: Can you make this user-facing

"Add the flow name.." 

is this a change in what we see in the UI?

Author: This _should_ be visible in the UI - in flow graph v2 - and I think that's live now. I've updated to include that.

Reviewer: have you? it looks the same to me

> - Adds the flow name to the label for subflow runs, making it easier for you to associate the two in the UI. — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11009

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add flow name to the label for subflow runs in the Prefect UI — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11009
```

it's a bit lnog

### Fixes

> - Fix support for absolute Windows paths in `load_flow_from_entrypoint` - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10989

Reviewer: Also here, will this help Windows users during flow deployment?

Author: I think this is relevant there and while pulling flows from remote storage. I added a sentence on this and I called out that it enables these things on Windows specifically.

> - Improve handling of push pools on the workspace dashboard - https://redirect.github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1813

Reviewer: I'm not sure the url is right? Also not sure what this means to a user.

Author: Updated here too!

> - Removes the work queue health indicator on push pools on the workspace dashboard. Push pools do not use work queues so including them on the dashboard was misleading. - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1813

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove unnecessary work queue health indicator from push pools in the Prefect UI dashboard - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1813
```

# Prefect Release Notes

## Release 2.14.0

### Introducing the `prefect-client`

> This release provides a new way of running flows using the `prefect-client` package. This slimmed down version of `prefect` has a small surface area of functionality and is intended for interacting with Prefect server **only**. You can install `prefect-client` by using `pip`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release provides a new way of running flows using the `prefect-client` package. This slimmed down version of `prefect` has a small surface area of functionality and is intended for interacting with the Prefect server or Prefect Cloud **only**. You can install `prefect-client` by using `pip`:
```

Reviewer: after some internal chat, we decided to be explicit for this

> ```console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```

pip install prefect-client
```

To use it, you will need to configure your environment to interact with a remote Prefect API by setting the `PREFECT_API_URL` and `PREFECT_API_KEY` environment variables. Using it in your code remains the same:

```python
from prefect import flow, task

@flow(log_prints=True)
def hello_world():
    print("Hello from prefect-client!")

hello_world()
```

See implementation details in the following pull request:
-  https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10988

### Enhancements
- Add flow name to the label for subflow runs in the Prefect UI — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11009

### Fixes
- Fix ability to pull flows and build deployments in Windows environments - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10989
- Remove unnecessary work queue health indicator from push pools in the Prefect UI dashboard - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1813
- Rename mismatched alembic file — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10888

### Documentation

> - Standardize heading capitalization in developing-a-new-worker-type.md — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10999

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Standardize heading capitalization in Developing a New Worker Type guide— https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10999
```

> - Update Docker guide to mention image builds with prefect.yaml and `flow.deploy` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11012

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update Docker guide to mention image builds with `prefect.yaml` and `flow.deploy` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11012
```

> - Update Kubernetes guide to mention and link to Python `deploy` creation method — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11010

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update Kubernetes guide to mention and link to Python-based `deploy` creation method — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11010
```
